Q.1. Clearly define a problem or an idea of your choice, where you would need to leverage the Foursquare location data to solve 
or execute. Remember that data science problems always target an audience and are meant to help a group of stakeholders solve a
problem, so make sure that you explicitly describe your audience and why they would care about your problem.

This submission will eventually become your Introduction/Business Problem section in your final report. So I recommend that 
you push the report (having your Introduction/Business Problem section only for now) to your Github repository and submit a link to it.

ANSWER:

Submission

Clearly define a problem or an idea of your choice,
where you would need to leverage the Foursquare
location data to solve or execute. Remember that data
science problems always target an audience and are
meant to help a group of stakeholders solve a problem,
so make sure that you explicitly describe your audience
and why they would care about your problem.

This submission will eventually become your Introduc
tion/Business Problem section in your final report. So
I recommend that you push the report (having your
Introduction/Business Problem section only for now) to
your Github repository and submit a link to it.

Response
In this capstone project, I'd like to analyze the
differences between New York city, Toronto and Tokyo,
with regards to venues information obtained from
Foursquare. I hope to observe how similar/dissimilar
these cities are and also where either two are similar
than the other two and think of why. Optionally, I may
identify what venues are missing compared to the
others to seek the "blue ocean venues area" in a city.


Q.2. Describe the data that you will be using to solve the problem or execute your idea. Remember that you will need to use the 
Foursquare location data to solve the problem or execute your idea. You can absolutely use other datasets in combination with the 
Foursquare location data. So make sure that you provide adequate explanation and discussion, with examples, of the data that you 
will be using, even if it is only Foursquare location data.

This submission will eventually become your Data section in your final report. So I recommend that you push the report 
(having your Data section) to your Github repository and submit a link to it.

ANSWER:

Submission

Describe the data that you will be using to solve the
problem or execute your idea. Remember that you will
need to use the Foursquare location data to solve the
problem or execute your idea. You can absolutely use
other datasets in combination with the Foursquare
location data. So make sure that you provide adequate
explanation and discussion, with examples of the data
that you will be using, even if it is only Foursquare
location data.

This submission will eventually become your Data
section in your final report. So I recommend that you
push the report (having your Data section) to your
Github repository and submit a link to it.

Response
I will be use venues data from Foursquare, as in the
labs. Will use the venues data from the 3 cities, merge
and group them by venue frequencies. Geocode
(location data) from geocoder python library, and
maybe geopy as well.
The zip codes of Tokyo can be obtained here (yet to ex
periment, but looks valid) - https://www.post.japanpost
jp/zipcode/dl/roman/ken_all rome.zip?190712.

For the comparison, I will make a K-means clustering
for the merged data, and analyze the number of venues
in each cluster per each city. For example, if the
number of venues in a certain cluster is close (say 5
for New York, and 4 for Toronto, where 1 for Tokyo)
for two cities, this can be sign of a similarity between
the two. I'll look at all the clusters in the same manner
and calculate the difference in number of venues for all
clusters and define it as the similarity score between
the cities.

Optionally, will analyze what the actual differences
(top 5-10) and seek what is missing or what is the
possible opportunity of venues that can be developed
to become more similar to the other cities (without
bias on which city is better and set as ideal).



